2. Background research
2.1 Research papers (at least 3 relevant to your topic / DS) 
All three research papers that were reviewed include datasets in the analysis although the studies work on different facets of the processors and their design. The first paper titled “Analysis of the Differences Between Intel and AMD Processor Designs” considers and contrasts the features of Intel and AMD processors. Yet, it does not describe a dataset used for comparing processor performance (Lim et al., 2024). Partly due to the methodology, there is much more focus on design aspects like cores and clock rates with a fairly comparative rather than statistical approach. 
The second paper identified is titled, “Assessing the Effect of ARM and AMD Processors on Computer Performance” and based on the usage of a variety of performance benchmarks from tasks like gaming and computational, the paper seems to have gathered actual research data to compare the two types of processors Sinaga et al., 2024). In this case, the dataset presumably contains metrics of performance that are effective in various scenarios, but their specifics are not described in the paper in enough detail. Likely the dataset of benchmarks and performance statistics, the third paper is titled “Comparative Analysis of an Intel and AMD Processor” The authors analyze other tags like processing power, energy efficiency, cycle per instruction as well as core logarithm though they do imply the use of some performance-based data but again, the set is not described in detail (Anthony, 2022).
2.2 Why RQ is of interest (research gap and future directions according to the literature) 
The research question focuses on a gap within the literature in that no one has directly compared core counts between AMD A-Series and Ryzen™ Processors. Previous studies discuss general performance and architectural differences between various processors, but specific information regarding differences in core count variations remains limited. These are key differences because core count highly influences multitasking and computing efficiency. This research contributes to bridging this gap by providing statistically backed findings and guiding users and industries in processor selection. Future studies could expand on this by exploring other performance metrics, such as clock speed and energy efficiency, across various processor families.
