1. Introduction
1.1 Problem statement and research motivation
A constant evolution of processors, especially in the processors manufactured by AMD, has led to different families like the AMD A-Series and Ryzen™ Processors which meet different performance thresholds. While they are widely used, understanding differences in core specifications is a relatively un-investigated area, thus constraining the ability to determine the best use of these processors. Some require a significant number of cores because central processing units’ speed or multitasking and computations mainly depend on this count (Mohammed and Sulaiman, 2023). It is possible to learn whether the differences between the mean or median of the core numbers in these families amount to something meaningful knowing that would help users and industries choose a processor.
1.2 The data set 
The dataset is 395 entries and 36 columns in size and provides quick information regarding the different specs of AMD processors. It has characteristics such as model, family, platform, and launch date, as well as benchmark figures of CPU cores/threads, GPU cores, and clocks. It also gives information about cache levels (L1, L2, L3), graphics features (model, core number, and supported displays), and physical characteristics of a package, such as package type and the number of sockets. It is a mixture of categorical and numerical types of data.
1.3 Research Question 
This study explores whether the average or median number of cores of the CPU is significantly different between AMD A-Series and Ryzen™ Processors. Toward this end, a comparison will be made based on descriptive and inferential statistics, using a dataset that contains specifications of AMD processors to compare core counts in the two families.
1.4 Null hypothesis and alternative hypothesis (H0/H1) 
The null hypothesis (H0) would be that there is no significant difference in the mean or median number of CPU cores between AMD A-Series Processors and AMD Ryzen™ Processors, implying that core counts are statistically similar across these families. The alternative hypothesis (H1) would then be that there is a significant difference, meaning the two families have different distributions of core counts. This hypothesis will be tested using t-tests or Mann-Whitney U tests based on the normality of data. The conclusions would help determine whether it is variability in core counts observed because of inherent differences or some sort of random variation, thus illuminating some aspects of processor choice.
